hello I'm do that today I present your
video about the new piece video farmer
3.35 at first barely anything has
changed at all if you have got
PlayStation TV or Vita TV like it's
called in the Asian countries then you
are now able to use the remote play
feature with up to four players
otherwise for the moment of eater i
would say nothing has changed so you can
see i'm running 3.35 sony promised us a
new application the PlayStation life
application which enables you to view
the live streams that someone who has a
ps4 might stream but the application is
currently missing they might add it into
the PlayStation Store or they just
forgot about it but 3.35 is asked boring
at three-point 30 but that's not
necessarily a bad thing as you can see I
can still run the Vita half by loader on
3.35 at first pretty simple you can see
I've got more than 20 mb of free ram and
the CPU clock frequency so basically the
speed at which the emulator runs is also
the maximum which is 333 m three and
just for the record i can run numbers
still at 3.35 for example this game boy
color emulator it also runs classic old
gameboy games like tetris like the
classic Gameboy game
and so on you can also run all our games
like this one link's awakening also
classic Zelda as you can see I can use
any of these well any of the direction
keys to move my character be it the left
and I'm not enough the right and Alana
or the day to the cross and son
supernus Enders also fully playable
but this game has some serious levels
and i'm not sure what key is gasps key
as you can see in this game as serious
low tones so it depends from game to
game which one is fully playable and
which ones not see this one is basically
falling it has a bit more than 40 frames
not completely stable but her own 50
frames so yeah and the last thing I want
to show you is like usually a game what
wanted me later and I think that enough
gameboid once pokemon emerald
so yeah as you can see i'm running
version 3.3 5 and he'll Bruce I'm the
Devon season